---
layout: course_inactive
img: cl.png
<!-- img_link: assets/img/neuron.png -->
url_git: https://github.com/uiuc-ling-cl
title: LING402 - HW10
active_tab: main_page 
---

# LING402: hw10
## Due at 23:59:59 Sunday, November 01 2020


* hw10 consists of four parts (a.py, b.py, c.py and d.py).

* The weights of all parts contributing to your overall grade of HW10 are shown as below. 

* Please read instructions and requirements at the beginning of each template carefully. Make sure you have also analysed the expected output files, and understand what the target functions/methods are supposed to do.

* Part 1, 3 and 4 will be tested on different materials when being graded. Therefore, you should test your code on other inputs, apart from the provided texts and corresponding expected outputs.



Weight distribution
-------------------

* Part 1 (20%): Implement a.py, following the instructions and requirements at the beginning of "a.py"


* Part 2 (10%): Implement b.py, following the instructions and requirements at the beginning of "b.py"


* Part 3 (10%): Implement c.py, following the instructions and requirements at the beginning of "c.py"


* Part 4 (60%): Implement d.py, following the instructions and requirements at the beginning of "d.py"




Use of git is required
----------------------

You are required to use git for this assignment.

To check out the homework assignment:

* ssh YOUR_NETID@cl.linguistics.illinois.edu
* clone the repository for this homework from GitHub

Your workflow should be as follows:

First, edit one of the scripts, using the text editor of your choice.

Next, commit your changes using git:

* git add {a..d}.py
* git commit -m "A BRIEF MESSAGE EXPLAINING WHAT YOU CHANGED"
* git push

You should follow the above steps after every edit of the file. 


Testing your scripts
--------------------

It is your responsibility to test each script to verify that it functions correctly.


