---
layout: course_inactive
img: cl.png
<!-- img_link: assets/img/neuron.png -->
url_git: https://github.com/uiuc-ling-cl
title: LING402 - HW12
active_tab: main_page 
---

# LING402: hw12
due at 23:59:59 Sunday, December 06 2020

A simple machine translation model to translate a foreign language into English

* hw12 is the homework for both week 13 and week 14.

* The assignment consists of four parts "d.py", "c.py", "b.py" and "a.py", staring from "d.py". "a.py" is the ultimate script in which all other three parts are used.

* Templates for all the four parts are given as such that implement those methods where the "pass" keyword appears:
	* 3 (three) places in "d.py"
	* 5 (five) places in "c.py"
	* 5 (five) places in "b.py"
	* 3 (three) places in "a.py"

* Executing each individual script will print some outputs to STDOUT. You can compare what your implementations generate against the expected outputs provided for each part.

* "b.py" and "a.py" involves implementing some simple mathematical formulas for the translation model. The math definitions are presented in "b.pdf" and "a.pdf" under the "Instructions" directory for "b.py" and "a.py", respectively.



Weight distribution
-------------------

* Part 1 (60%): Implement d.py, following the instructions and requirements in "d.py"


* Part 2 (15%): Implement c.py, following the instructions and requirements in  "c.py"


* Part 3 (15%): Implement b.py, following the instructions and requirements in "b.py"


* Part 4 (10%): Implement a.py, following the instructions and requirements in "a.py"


Use of git is required
----------------------

You are required to use git for this assignment.

To check out the homework assignment:

* ssh YOUR_NETID@cl.linguistics.illinois.edu
* clone the repository for this homework from GitHub

Your workflow should be as follows:

First, edit one of the scripts, using the text editor of your choice.

Next, commit your changes using git:

* git add *.py
* git commit -m "A BRIEF MESSAGE EXPLAINING WHAT YOU CHANGED"
* git push

You should follow the above steps after every edit of the file. 


Testing your scripts
--------------------

It is your responsibility to test each script to verify that it functions correctly.


