---
layout: course_inactive
img: cl.png
<!-- img_link: assets/img/neuron.png -->
url_git: https://github.com/uiuc-ling-cl
title: LING402 - HW03
active_tab: main_page 
---

# LING402: hw03
## Due at 23:59:59 Sunday, September 13 2020


This assignment requires you to practice using some of the commands from the assigned readings.

If you are not sure what commands to use:

* Try using apropos to find the relevant man page(s)
* Read the relevant man page(s)
* Review the relevant section of the textbook

Man pages contain a wealth of relevant information. 
Before you begin the assignment, you may find it helpful to re-read the man pages for at least the following commands:

In "assignment" directory under the repository of this homework, each of the shell scripts is expected to perform certain operation(s). Follow the intructions at the top of each file, you are going to implement the target function(s) and make each script executable.  


Use of git is required
----------------------

You are required to use git for this assignment.

To check out the homework assignment:

* ssh YOUR_NETID@cl.linguistics.illinois.edu
* clone the repository for this homework from GitHub

Your workflow should be as follows:

First, edit one of the scripts, using the text editor of your choice.

Next, commit your changes using git:

* git add FILE_YOU_EDITED.sh
* git commit -m "A BRIEF MESSAGE EXPLAINING WHAT YOU CHANGED"
* git push

You should follow the above steps after every edit of the file. 


Testing your scripts
--------------------

It is your responsibility to test each script to verify that it functions correctly.

