---
layout: course_inactive
img: cl.png
<!-- img_link: assets/img/neuron.png -->
url_git: https://github.com/uiuc-ling-cl
title: LING402 - HW04
active_tab: main_page 
---

# LING402: HW04
## Due at 23:59:59 Sunday, September 20 2020
==============


This assignment requires you to write a Python script performing some simple tasks. The tasks are described at the beginning of "hw.py" in the assignment directory.


Bonus part:

* Write a Python script - "bonus.py" - that prompts the user to enter an integer, and then prints out "hoo" if the number is divisible by 2, "rah" if divisible by 5, and "hoorah" if divisible by 2 and 5.
* This is the same task you have done during for LAB03 but in bash.
* You will NOT be docked any points if you opt to not complete the bonus part. However, successful attempt can lead to a remedy of up to 20% points for HW03.
* The final grade of HW04 will be capped to 100% if the total points as the sum of "hw.py" and "bonus.py" exceeds 100%


Use of git is required
=======================

You are required to use git for this assignment.

To check out the homework assignment:

* ssh YOUR_NETID@cl.linguistics.illinois.edu
* clone the repository for this homework from GitHub

Your workflow should be as follows:

First, edit one of the scripts, using the text editor of your choice.

Next, commit your changes using git:

* git add hw*.py
* git add bonus.sh #if you have completed the bonus part
* git commit -m "A BRIEF MESSAGE EXPLAINING WHAT YOU CHANGED"
* git push

You should follow the above steps after every edit of the file. 


Testing your scripts
====================

It is your responsibility to test each script to verify that it functions correctly.

