---
layout: course_inactive
img: cl.png
<!-- img_link: assets/img/neuron.png -->
url_git: https://github.com/uiuc-ling-cl
title: LING402 - HW05
active_tab: main_page 
---

# LING402: hw05
## Due at 23:59:59 Sunday, September 24 2023


More bash scripting is in homework hw05

* hw05 consists of four parts (a.sh, b.sh, c.sh and d.sh), plus a bonus task (extra_credit.sh) which is optional.

* The four main parts are organised in an inverted order, i.e. d.sh as part 1, c.sh as part 2 and so on.

* As each subsequent part may be dependent on its previous part, it would be wise to work in sequence, i.e. d.sh -> c.sh -> b.sh -> a.sh

* The weights of all parts contributing to your overall grade of hw05 are shown as below. 

* Please read instructions in the "instructions" directory carefully for each part. Note that you need to open those HTML files in a web browser in order to view the intended format. Alternatively, you can the same instruction [HERE](hw05d.html).



Weight distribution
-------------------

* Part 1 (61%): Implement d.sh, following the instructions in "instructions/d.html"


* Part 2 (13%): Implement c.sh, following the instructions in "instructions/c.html"


* Part 3 (13%): Implement b.sh, following the instructions in "instructions/b.html"


* Part 4 (13%): Implement a.sh, following the instructions in "instructions/a.html"


* Optional Part 5 (5%): Implement extra_credit.sh, following the instructions in "instructions/extra_credit.html"



Use of git is required
----------------------

You are required to use git for this assignment.

To check out the homework assignment:

* ssh YOUR_NETID@cl.linguistics.illinois.edu
* clone the repository for this homework from GitHub

Your workflow should be as follows:

First, edit one of the scripts, using the text editor of your choice.

Next, commit your changes using git:

* git add {a..d}.sh
* git add extra_credit.sh #if you have completed the bonus part
* git commit -m "A BRIEF MESSAGE EXPLAINING WHAT YOU CHANGED"
* git push

You should follow the above steps after every edit of the file. 


Testing your scripts
--------------------

It is your responsibility to test each script to verify that it functions correctly.


