---
layout: course_inactive
img: cl.png
<!-- img_link: assets/img/neuron.png -->
url_git: https://github.com/uiuc-ling-cl
title: LING402 - HW08
active_tab: main_page 
---

# LING402: hw07
## Due at 23:59:59 Sunday, October 11 2020


Complete hw07 in Python:

* hw07 consists of four parts (a.py, b.py, c.py and d.py).

* The four main parts are organised in an inverted order, i.e. d.py as part 1, c.py as part 2 and so on.

* The weights of all parts contributing to your overall grade of hw07 are shown as below. 

* Please read instructions in "instructions" carefully for each part. Note that you need to open md files in text editor for correct format, which may not be displayed properly if you view directly on Github.



Weight distribution
-------------------

* Part 1 (50%): Implement d.py, following the instructions in "instructions/d.md"


* Part 2 (20%): Implement c.py, following the instructions in "instructions/c.md"


* Part 3 (20%): Implement b.py, following the instructions in "instructions/b.md"


* Part 4 (10%): Implement a.py, following the instructions in "instructions/a.md"



Use of git is required
----------------------

You are required to use git for this assignment.

To check out the homework assignment:

* ssh YOUR_NETID@cl.linguistics.illinois.edu
* clone the repository for this homework from GitHub

Your workflow should be as follows:

First, edit one of the scripts, using the text editor of your choice.

Next, commit your changes using git:

* git add {a..d}.py
* git commit -m "A BRIEF MESSAGE EXPLAINING WHAT YOU CHANGED"
* git push

You should follow the above steps after every edit of the file. 


Testing your scripts
--------------------

It is your responsibility to test each script to verify that it functions correctly.


