---
layout: course_inactive
img: cl.png
<!-- img_link: assets/img/neuron.png -->
url_git: https://github.com/uiuc-ling-cl
title: LING402 - HW11
active_tab: main_page 
---

# LING402: hw11
## Part 1 is due at 23:59:59 Sunday, November 08 2020
## Part 2, 3 and 4 are due at 23:59:59 Sunday, November 15 2020

A small text processing project on Yupik language, including transcribing and spelling checking for texts in Yupik.

* hw11 is the homework for both week 11 and week 12.

* The assignment for week 11: implement Part 1 ("d.py"). Part 1 is due at 23:59:59 Sunday, November 08 2020. You must push "d.py" back to the repository by the deadline, otherwise points will be docked according to the late work policies. We are able to track when a file was edited; we will only accept the last version timestamped before the deadline. 

* The assignment for week 12: implement Part 2 ("c.py"), Part 3 ("b.py") and Part 4 ("a.py"). Part2, 3 and 4 are due at 23:59:59 Sunday, November 15 2020. 

* As all parts in week 12 reply on the function implemented in Part 1 ("d.py"). A reference solution for Part 1 ("d.py") will be provided the Monday (November 9) after Part 1 is due. In this way, even if you did not manage to complete Part 1 ("d.py"), you can still continue the other parts. 

* Although the tasks for week 11 and week 12 belong to one project, they contribute separately to the overall grade as same as other weekly assignments.


Weight distribution
-------------------

* Part 1 (50%): Implement a.py, following the instructions and requirements at the beginning of "d.py"


* Part 2 (10%): Implement b.py, following the instructions and requirements at the beginning of "c.py"


* Part 3 (10%): Implement c.py, following the instructions and requirements at the beginning of "b.py"


* Part 4 (30%): Implement d.py, following the instructions and requirements at the beginning of "a.py"


Use of git is required
----------------------

You are required to use git for this assignment.

To check out the homework assignment:

* ssh YOUR_NETID@cl.linguistics.illinois.edu
* clone the repository for this homework from GitHub

Your workflow should be as follows:

First, edit one of the scripts, using the text editor of your choice.

Next, commit your changes using git:

* git add *.py
* git commit -m "A BRIEF MESSAGE EXPLAINING WHAT YOU CHANGED"
* git push

You should follow the above steps after every edit of the file. 


Testing your scripts
--------------------

It is your responsibility to test each script to verify that it functions correctly.


